Update security.md (#1178)
astronomer/docs: astro/security.md

## Data privacy and compliance

> Astro is compliant with AICPA SOC 2 controls with respect to the security, availability, and confidentiality Trust Service Categories. If you are interested in obtaining (NDA required) our SOC 2 Report and Penetration Test report, contact [sales@astronomer.io](mailto:sales@astronomer.io)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro is AICPA SOC 2 compliant with respect to the security, availability, and confidentiality Trust Service Categories. To request a copy of the Astronomer SOC 2 and Penetration Test reports, contact [sales@astronomer.io](mailto:sales@astronomer.io). When you submit your request, you'll be required to complete a Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA).
```
